welcome please verify gug operation
prior to driving thank
[Applause]
[Music]
you I know it's been a minute I know
I've been quiet I know I haven't
answered a lot of y'all's questions when
you see the sneak peeks in the reals and
in the stories and on the Tik Tok I
really can't speak on a lot of this
stuff until it's official and confirmed
and I've touched it and felt it and
experienced it with my own hands but
that time is here Apex is here my name
is Rob at Square Wheels Auto and it's my
job to bring you the best in aftermarket
for our vehicles I've been painfully
aware that there's a wide open space
just begging for Innovation and that is
in our dashboards when we look left and
we look right at all the other
competitors we see them offering nice
fully functional digital dashboards even
Nissan has implemented these digital
dashes in the new Z and even some of the
economy Vehicles I'm pretty sure that
the new Pathfinder um has a digital dash
also they still don't seem to be paying
very much attention to the Q50 and the
Q60 despite the fact that we've got a
huge audience of enthusiasts that
relentlessly support the brand
I've got a solution for you I've got a
solution for us the Apex Digital
dashboard is here the Apex Digital
dashboard is completely designed from
the groundup available now Square Wheels
auto.com today I'm going to give you the
full overview I'm going to go through
all the menus show you how it's operated
I'm going to show you the features
including the interactivity with the
second generation of G Series screens
aka the Mark 7 any questions anything
that I miss or anything that I don't
cover please feel free to hit me down in
the comments I'm here to help I want to
help y'all make informed decisions as
you continue evolving your vehicle to
what you know that it can be stay tuned
Apex is
here all right first and foremost let's
start with what I call the boring stuff
right obviously we know that the OEM
display is getting replaced with a
beautiful bright OLED display it's
bright it's clear it's super responsive
it gives you all the visuals that make
the old dials just look ancient so the
system is built to be faster and
actually more responsive than the OEM
system what most of you all want to know
um right out of the gates is
compatibility and functionality with the
car um please to report after tons of
testing tons of testing with vehicles in
the US Apex XEX cluster is fully
compatible with all the OEM functions
for all the models that we offer it for
and we're not going to release it until
we've got full compatibility with your
model so right now I think 2014 2017
full compatibility 2020 plus uh we're
going to have full compatibility soon
and sign up on the website to get an
email when they come open but just rest
assured speedometer odometer mileage
sync all your lanee keep and sensor
notifications your drive mode selector
basically anything that um the OEM
cluster did the Apex cluster will do uh
better more Moder sexier better
interface speaking of interface uh the
Apex cluster also comes prepackaged with
configurable themes uh so it's not just
about you know the same picture on a
digital dash now you've got themes that
you can choose from uh to customize your
display just based on your mood or your
driving style you can change it about
any time it's you know
kind of like a theme for your your phone
if you will there's a couple themes
anywhere from like a Sleek minimalistic
design to like a race inspired look um
plus you get features like I'll go into
the features but most of the themes have
like a shift or a Redline indicator and
you can even display navigation directly
on the display now here are the outbox
themes that come available uh when this
product launches there will be more
themes coming and when they do come out
they'll be listed on Square Wheels
auto.com for square Wheels Auto
customers to be able to download as a
part of the firmware I think the next
one up in line is the GTR style uh theme
and that'll kind of mimic the look and
feel of an oem GTR dashboard so really
cool looking forward to that
[Music]
one now with all this additional
functionality and all this
configurability a common question is
well how do I how do I operate it is is
it laborious to go through the menus uh
I can say firsthand is just my opinion
no I think they did a really good job
making it a slick interface basically
you go through all the menus with the
left and the right screen button the
same way you would on your OEM display
and uh some of the features use the okay
button to kind of toggle into the menus
um I'll show you that here but it's
really just two or three buttons you
cycle through about seven menu screens
and here I'll show you the different
screens that are available to you
[Music]
but what about the installation where
can I take it to get
installed y'all I'll cover it in a
separate video it'll probably be like a
3 minute video but let's be honest I do
Babble a lot so it'll probably be like a
10-minute video but the installation is
super simple it basically comes down to
two screws and two plugs which is
basically the same way that the OEM
dashboard is installed and then there's
like a bonus of two plugs for USB cable
for updates and an HDMI in cable which
I'll discuss in a little bit that's it
two plugs two screws and then two bonus
plugs but they all plug in you can't
plug anything in the wrong spot it's
impossible to ruin anything like really
easy y'all if y'all can install a dash
cam y'all can install the Apex cluster
yes carplay is on the Apex unit uh what
you'll notice is that my garage is
completely empty there is no Q50 in
there and that is because my car is
hurling towards Las Vegas right now to
be in the SEMA show yes that is right
for the second year in a row Square
wheels will be at SEMA in the Au car
booth and this year my car will be the
demo vehicle I'm telling you all that to
say unfortunately I was unable to film
the carplay section of this video and
really demo that capability but it works
just like carplay Works um you literally
just hook your phone up through
Bluetooth to the Apex unit and carplay
flips itself on each time you start the
car this is a great option to add
carplay to a vehicle that doesn't have
carplay um doesn't have an aftermarket
head unit now you can just install the
Apex cluster and you've got carplay
either window within the theme or you
can also display it full screen like you
can with any of the other HDMI inputs so
great option unfortunately I couldn't
demo it I'll do some shorts or some
reals uh hit me up in the comments if
you want to see it firsthand before you
uh get your hands on
[Music]
it oh man y'all so this this feature
right here is what really has me excited
about the Apex cluster by adding one
little HDMI port the team changed this
from being like a cool Gadget that
modernizes and elevates your interior to
something that can completely transform
your entire Driving Experience from
infotainment to Performance monitoring
the opportunities are endless so
originally I think the HDMI port was to
be used for uh display navigations from
the Mark 7
um which would then open you up to being
able to display something else on the
Mark 7 so you have your turn by turn um
directions on the Apex cluster you can
play a movie or the game or your music
or whatever else on the Mark 7 uh so
here's how it works so when the Mark 7
detects a device on the other end of
that HDMI cable an HDMI button pops up
on the Mark 7 screen to indicate that
it's sending a signal over uh by default
it'll be sending a mirror of the screen
which you'll be able to see on the Apex
cluster you know in that window uh in
your theme but by pressing that HDMI
button it will start treating the Apex
as a second screen so whatever app has
focus on the Mark 7 will now move over
to the Apex cluster and display in full
screen um which again opens you up to
use the Mark 7 for whatever you want now
obviously great for maps and navigation
but the cool thing about this is that
that HDMI button on the Mark 7 supports
any app any app that you can install on
your Mark 7 from the Android play store
whether it be performance and tuning
like uh eutc jb4 any of them uh draggy
um or multimedia uh VLC Netflix uh any
of these video players all of them can
be used on the Mark 7 and ported it over
to the Apex cluster so it opens you up
to a world of opportunities just with
that pairing between the Mark 7 and the
Apex
cluster now another common question that
I get is do I need a Mark
7 for the Apex cluster to work and the
answer is definitively no so the Apex
cluster think of it as an independent
device and what that means is that once
you hook it up it'll read all the
commands from your vehicle and display
them just like your OEM uh dashboard
would do and then it has some additional
bells and whistles at the carplay um and
the configurable
themes now as I mentioned pairing it
with a Mark 7 definitely opens up a
whole world of different opportunity but
let me be clear the Mark 7 is not
required for the Apex cluster to work
um I am really curious if the HDMI port
on the Apex cluster is just like a dumb
port and it's just going to display
anything that get sent to it or if it's
actually looking for a signal from the
Mark 7 I suspect that it is just a dumb
HDMI input which would mean you could
hook up a Raspberry Pi or chomecast or
Fire TV or any other device that sends
um HDMI output to the Apex poster uh if
you do this and try it out please hit me
up in the comments or tag me on IG or
something I would love to see how y'all
are using the Apex cluster and really
extending its uh capabilities so another
idea I've been toying around with is
getting a night vision like an infrared
camera mounting it somewhere stealth on
my front bumper and then routing it
through to push that video signal over
to the Apex cluster that would mean that
in addition to looking out my windshield
and seeing anything that my headlights
you know bathe light on I'll also have
night vision in full screen on my Apex
display just in case you know there's a
deer out of line of my headlights or
anything that I wouldn't see with my
natural eye now I will have a second
chance to be able to avoid it um with
the night vision camera just an idea I
haven't done anything with it yet if
y'all beat me to the punch please post
it up and and tag me um got some other
ideas floating around but I want to make
sure I get this out there to y'all I
know there's a handful of y'all waiting
for this information so here it is go
get your own and tag me in your in your
content let me know what you're doing
with
[Music]
yours y'all I think that's it um so I
think I got everything out of my head
into the video but obviously if I did
miss anything please don't hesitate blow
up the comments I will be monitoring and
responding to your your comments
individually in line uh those questions
that do get a lot of likes or cosign I
will shout you out in a video response
on shorts or reals or wherever you're
watching this but no matter what don't
hesitate to ask cuz all I want is for
y'all to be fully informed so that you
can decide if Apex is uh for you I
already have my opinion I I love mine I
now see it as the centerpiece of my uh
interior anyway as mentioned Q units are
available on Square Wheels auto.com
2014 2019 Q50 and Q60 out now 2020 plus
coming soon sorry Brad no hybrid support
I don't think it's ever coming um more
models after that G37 is next 370Z and
GTR all of them are done with
manufacturing and in final testing uh
any models that I'm aware of that I've
got visibility to the testing I already
have them listed up on Square Wheels
auto.com with signup forms so just fill
it out and I'll email you or text you
whenever they're ready for prime
time that's it Apex is here this is
Robert Square wheel signing off
appreciate you
[Music]